CP3407 Project assignment marking rubric.

This rubric was prepared by Dr. Dmitry Konovalov for James Cook University. Updated 13 February 2026.

© Copyright 2023

This publication is copyright. Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study, research, criticism, or review as permitted under the Copyright Act, no part may be reproduced by any process or placed in computer memory without written permission.


Criteria

HD (9-10)-Criteria written in below each session
Distinction (7-8)-Few minor errors
Credit (5-6)-Many minor errors
Pass (3-4)-Few major errors
Fail (0-2)-Many major errors






1: Requirements

HD (9-10) Criteria:
All requirements (user stories) are correct and correctly estimated with justified priorities. Exemplary set of features are correctly planned for implementation in justified order and within given budget. Your IT solution is planning to deliver “what is needed, on time and on budget”



2: Design

HD (9-10) Criteria:
Architectural, database, user interface designs are exemplary and justified. Help: textbook chapter 5. Add a page to your GitHub to explain design of all major components


3: Implementation/Code

HD (9-10) Criteria:
Your IT solution delivered “what is needed, on time and on budget” for each iteration. Demonstration of and client feedback on your deployed solution after each iteration. Exemplary UI, database and deployment choices. Add a page to your GitHub to illustrate/promote your delivered solution.


4: Test

HD (9-10) Criteria:
Exemplary testing of all components. Test-driven development. Acceptance testing of all delivered features. Appropriate testing data sets. Delivered implementation matches the planning. Help: chapters 7, 8 and 9. Add a page to your GitHub to explain your testing.


5: Version control

HD (9-10) Criteria:
Exemplary use of GitHub/git or equivalent.


6: Building and development tools

HD (9-10) Criteria:
Exemplary use of software development tools, building tools and external libraries. Add a page to your GitHub to explain what and how you used.


7: Agile software engineering

HD (9-10) Criteria:
Exemplary application of the agile iterative development as per textbook.


8: Project technical writing

HD (9-10) Criteria:
Exemplary technical writing in your project GitHub pages and project report.


Design:

Add a page to your GitHub to explain design of all major components.

Architectural design. Must use online UML diagram tool, e.g. https://www.gliffy.com/uses/uml-software/

Database designs. Must use online tool, e.g. https://www.genmymodel.com/database-diagram-online

Interface design. Must use prototyping tool, e.g. https://ninjamock.com/


James Cook University    Page 1    [Insert Subject Code]